Do you have any question at this point?
>> I'm kinda a little bit lost on SDKs and
compiling to Android.
I can't remember what slide it was off of.
>> Let's see, so we were here.
This.
So we are actually building for
Android Java DEX.
So that means that this is our target,
when we are going to create Android
applications, okay, with Kotlin.
So we are kind of constrained
by that framework, that runtime.
But if you do Kotlin for
any of the other targets,
you don't have those restrictions.
Does that make sense?
So Kotlin is like a second layer
on top of Java for Android.
It's not getting rid of Java,
it's sitting on top of Java.
So actually everything we do in Kotlin
will actually need to be compiled into
some kind of a Java intermediate language
that is called Dalvik Executable.
So we are restricted by what
that platform can offer.
>> And when we're compiling to
what you're saying native Android,
can you clear that up for me?
>> Yeah, if you compile to native Android,
actually you cannot talk to the SDK.
Let me me show you.
Going back to a previous slide,
when we were talking about the Android
architecture, Where are you?
Nope, it wasn't a previous slide,
it was here.
So if you're compiling to Android native,
you're actually compiling to the NDK,
the pink one to the right,
not to the normal SDK.
Which means that when you are doing that,
if you look at the arrows, the pink is
talking directly to Native Libraries,
not to the Android SDK and UI toolkits.
Which means you cannot make your UI,
unless you wanna render
your UI manually with lines and
circles or on the screen.
If you wanna use the button and
actually the components from the SDK,
you must compile Kotlin code for
the Android Runtime.
If you go Kotlin native with the NDK,
you can only talk to the native
libraries of the OS, and
that's not including the UI toolkit.
So meaning that, we will focus here,
Okay, on the Android Java DEX,
at least when we are working in app.
You can still use Kotlin for native,
okay, but that means it's not the UI part.
It's other parts of your app that
can be business logic libraries,
again, talking about encoding, decoders.
I mean, if you're doing a Netflix
application, you want the decoder,
the video decoder, well, that can be done
in Kotlin with a native library that
is faster and also multi platform.
So you can actually compile to iOS
as well, and to Windows as well, and
then you write once,
deliver that library everywhere.
>> Thank you.
>> Okay, but for the app, if you wanna
use the UI toolkit, we must use Java DEX.
>> Someone in the chat wanted to know if
you could review what triple quotes helps
you with.
>> Simple quote?
>> Triple double quotes, okay, sure.
So triple double quotes, it's actually
being used for multi line strings.
So that means that you can put new lines
here, okay, and everything is a string,
Okay, you can still use dollar
sign to create an expression,
so that's also possible,
but within multi line.
Okay, you can write HTML like this in
Kotlin quickly in just multi lines.
Without this technique you
need to use close the line,
concatenate with another string,
another string.
So triple double quotes will let
you make multi line strings.
>> And quotes work within that?
>> Yeah, and single, double quotes will
work without, I don't need to escape them.
I don't need to do this.
So that's why I will say that for
JSON or for HTML, it's actually useful
if you wanna write HTML here, like I have
a paragraph with class, myparagraph.
So it just works,
I don't need to escape quotes
because it will wait for
the triple double quotes.
This trimIndent will actually remove
in the final string all these spaces.
If you don't want it, you can just.
This was created by the IDE by default,
I don't need that.
But when you use triple quotes,
enter, it automatically adds that
because typically we don't want those
initial tabs in the final string.